Recreational Sea Fishing Guide 2024–25

1) Fishing Rules (extracted)
Page 2
made the decision to revise on-water
from new fishing pontoons to weather
possession limits in the D’Entrecasteaux
buoys that provide fishers with realChannel, Derwent River, Frederick Henry
the southeast to be landed unfilleted, or
you to have your say as they are
potentially the full closure of the sand
developed, either directly or through
flathead fishery in this region until there
Page 3
Quick Reference Rules . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4
What’s new this year?................................................... 4
Licences .............................................................. 5
Aboriginal fishers ...................................................... 6
Seasons .............................................................. 7
Bag, possession and size limits .......................................... 9
Scalefish . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15
Scalefish ............................................................. 16
Page 4
As part of conservation actions to per person.
protect the endangered Maugean skate,
recreational gillnetting is no longer The on-land possession limit, which
the policy of the Government to phase else on land in Tasmania, remains
out all recreational gillnetting statewide unchanged (10 fish). Bag limits also
by 2030 (see page 36). remain unchanged.
Changes to rock lobster catch These changes aim to keep catch
have changed to increase the rate of
and areas
catch immediately after tail-marking Squid spawning closure areas and dates
your last lobster and before moving have been set for the next 3 years. The
further than 250m away. If you do not north coast will be closed between 1
catch any rock lobster, you must make September and 31 October inclusive.
pot or ring has been hauled or after you The East Coast calamari spawning
have finished diving and before moving closure area has been expanded. It now
further than 250m away. See page 54 includes all waters from Lemon Rock
for more detail. south to Whale Head and is closed from

15 October to 14 November inclusive
On-water possession limits for (see page 28).
sand flathead
Upcoming opportunities to Have
There has been a minor change to sand Your Say
flathead management which may affect
fishers that move between zones, or The Scallop Rules will open for public
fish overnight. consultation within the next 12 months
and will include proposed changes to
An on-water possession limit equal allow for scallop catch sharing. The draft
This means that while on water, aims to provide holistic and transparent
you cannot have more fish in your guidelines for the management of all
possession than the daily bag limit sectors of the rock lobster fishery, will
for the zone you are in. For example, also be released for public consultation
if you are fishing in the Eastern Zone in 2025.
Page 5
Licences
What type of fishing needs a Where do I buy or renew a
licence? licence?
You need a licence for the following Fishing licences are available from
types of recreational sea fishing: Service Tasmania or online at:
- abalone; fishing.tas.gov.au/licence.
- rock lobster dive;*
When will my licence expire?
- rock lobster pot;*
The recreational licensing year begins
- rock lobster ring;*
on 1 November each year. Licences
- scallop;
are valid from the date of issue to 31
- graball net; October.
- mullet net;
- set line (includes longline and You must be at least 10 years old to
dropline). hold a rock lobster, abalone, scallop,
graball net, mullet net or set line licence.
* It is a requirement of this licence that
catch.
Check your licence online
You don’t need a licence for rod and line To check your existing licences or your
fishing in marine waters, but an Inland licence number go to:
Fisheries Licence is required for any fishing.tas.gov.au/licence.
fishing in inland waters, including some
river mouths and estuaries. See page 89.
Licence Fees
Standard Licence: $65 .45 - first licence (base fee of
$56.10 plus $9.35 for first licence).
Each additional licence type - $9 .35.

Concession Licence: Commonwealth $37 .40 - first licence (base fee of
Pension, DVA Concession, Government $28.05 plus $9.35 for first licence).
Seniors cardholders and persons under 16. Each additional licence type - $9 .35.
Health Care cardholders are not eligible.
Additional Licence: $9 .35 - add a licence type plus the
cost of the new licence.
1 November 2024 - 31 October 2025 5

Page 6
Licences
Aboriginal Fishers Gear marking
- at least 195 mm in diameter;
in an Aboriginal fishing activity, you do
not have to hold a fishing licence, but - marked in figures not less than
you must follow all other fisheries rules, 70mm high and 12 mm wide; and
except: - specifically designed as a buoy and
Unique Identifying Code (UIC)
If using pots, caufs, unattended rings,
gillnets or set lines, you must mark and A marker buoy with licence number
display a unique identifying code (UIC)
Marking Your Gear
on your gear. Further details about
a UIC are available at number that you can use in future
fishing.tas.gov.au. years. Mark a gear code and this
Page 7
Seasons
Species Season
Rock lobster and Waters outside the East Coast Stock Rebuilding Zone
giant crab (ECSRZ)
(see map on page 50) Open from 2 November 2024.
East Coast Stock Rebuilding Zone
Open from 7 December 2024.
Eastern Region (including ECSRZ)
Closed from 1 May 2025.
Western Region (Females)
Closed from 1 May 2025.
Western Region (Males)
Closed from 1 September 2025.
Scallops 2025: Open from 12 April to 31 July inclusive.
The D’Entrecasteaux Channel remains closed.
Squid / Calamari South east
(see maps on page 28) South of Lemon Rock to Whale Head (including Coles Bay
and Great Oyster Bay).
Closed from 15 October to 14 November inclusive in
2024, 2025 and 2026.
North Coast
North of Cape Grim and Cape Naturaliste.
Closed from 1 September to 31 October inclusive in 2024,
2025 and 2026.
Striped trumpeter Closed from 1 September to 31 October inclusive each
year.
Banded morwong Closed from 1 March to 30 April inclusive each year.
Garfish Northern Waters
North of Cape Grim and Cape Naturaliste.
2025: Closed from 15 January to 14 February.
Southern Waters (all other waters)

2025: Closed from 15 November to 14 December.
1 November 2024 - 31 October 2025 7
Page 9
Bag, possession and size limits
Catch Limits Explained For example
Australian salmon
Bag Limit
The maximum number of a particular
type of fish you can take in any one day.
15
30
No boat limit
Possession Limit
The maximum number of a particular
type of fish you as an individual fisher
Don’t highgrade your catch
can have at any one time in Tasmania.
specified area (e.g. on-water possession keep within catch limits.
limits).
- Highgrading your catch is not
allowed. You can’t bring more than
your daily bag limit back to the
boat or shore and sort them there
(unless following rules for sharing
catch when group fishing e.g. for
Boat Limit
rock lobster).
The maximum number of a particular
- Fish are regarded as taken and in
type of fish that can be possessed in
your possession as soon as collected
one boat on any one day. Personal daily
or caught.
Catch limits are a combined total for
all species in a fish group.
Page 10
Bag, possession and size limits
Fish Group - Scalefish Minimum Size
Baitfish (anchovy, sprat, sardine,
50 100 - Page 11
Bag, possession and size limits
Fish Group - Scalefish Minimum Size
30
Morwong, Jackass and Other 10 20 (jackass 25 cm

Page 12
Bag, possession and size limits
Fish Group - Shark Minimum Size
Shark, Mako and Blue 1 2 2 see 75 cm or 45 cm
24elephantfish below*
* Shark boat limit (all species
5
combined except elephantfish)
Fish Group - Other Minimum Size
Blacklip:
Arthur River east

Page 13
- Fishing gear used, including licence
of boats and fishing gear and be
or ID numbers;
prevented from holding a fishing licence
- Car registration numbers and boat
in the future.
involved.
If you give fish away, make sure the
Information can be given anonymously. receiver understands the possession
limits for that species. Proof of purchase
is required if you have fish in excess of
the possession limit.
FISHWATCH
Page 15
Scalefish
Do you have a great idea for
improving fishing facilities Licence: No licence is required for rod Filleting Fish at Sea
and line fishing in marine waters. A
licence is required to use a gillnet, a - You can fillet scalefish at sea, but
be 10 years or older to hold a gillnet or trumpeter (page 24) and shark
set line licence. (page 26).
BETTER FISHING Size limits: see pages 16-28 - For fish that have been filleted,
two fillets are deemed to be the
GRANTS Catch limits: see pages 16-28
equivalent of one fish.
trumpeter, banded morwong, southern Dispose of Fish Waste
garfish, squid and calamari (see page 7) Responsibly
Page 17
Scalefish
Sand flathead catch and size limit zones
Statewide
Moving between zones the Eastern Zone, but will be transiting
You cannot possess more sand flathead
Channel, you cannot have more than
than the on-water possession limit of
2 sand flathead per individual fisher
the zone you are in (equal to your daily
otherwise you would exceed the onbag limit).
water possession limit for that zone.
For example, if you have been fishing in
1 November 2024 - 31 October 2025 17
Page 20
Anglerfish, Prowfish and Red Velvetfish Tasselled anglerfish Red velvet fish
(ornamental species)

No minimum size.
24
Barracouta
No minimum size.
15 30
Boarfish
No spearing
Cod
No minimum size.
15 30
Flounder
Page 21
GUIDE TO SYMBOLS
20cm Minimum size Bag limit Possession limit Boat limit
Fish Group
Garfish
252c5mcm 15 30
Groper, Blue male
female
Gurnard and Ocean Perch Common gurnard
perch Ocean perch
No minimum size.
15 30
Be careful of venomous spines.
Herring Cale
No minimum size.
5 10
Kingfish, Yellowtail
202c0mc m 10 20
Mackerel and Redbait
No minimum size.
Jack
Redbait mackerel
Legal size between 353-64-64c6mcm
24
1 November 2024 - 31 October 2025 21
Page 22
252c5mcm 15 30
Pike, Longfin
No minimum size.
15 30
Salmon, Atlantic
No minimum size.
12 24 (marine waters).
Salmon, Australian
202c0mcm 15 30

Snook
No minimum size.
5 10
303c0mcm 5 10
Tailor
No minimum size.
5 10
Trevalla, Blue-eye
No minimum size.
5 10 25
22 Recreational Sea Fishing Guide
Page 23
GUIDE TO SYMBOLS
20cm Minimum size Bag limit Possession limit Boat limit
Fish Group
Trevally, Silver
Tuna, Bluefin, Yellowfin and Bigeye
Bluefin tuna
No minimum size.
224
(only 2 over 1.5m in a boat)
Tuna - Albacore
No minimum size. Albacore tuna
5 10
Tuna - Skipjack
No minimum size. Skipjack tuna
10 20
Swordfish
No minimum size.
112
Marlin
No minimum size.
112
Trout
Rainbow trout
No minimum size.
12 24 (marine waters).
Refer to Inland Fisheries Code.
1 November 2024 - 31 October 2025 23
Page 24
Western 4 8 12
Must be landed whole with head and tail attached,
24 Recreational Sea Fishing Guide

Page 25
GUIDE TO SYMBOLS
20cm Minimum size Bag limit Possession limit Boat limit
Fish Group
Warehou
5 10
Whiting, Other
No minimum size.
15 30
Wrasse
Page 26
Sharks and Rays Catch limits are a combined total
for all species in a fish group.
Size Limits Sharks and Rays Boat Limit
School and gummy shark are the only 5 (all species combined)
shark species that have a size limit.
There is an overall boat limit of 5 shark,
Sharks should be kept as trunks or
skate and rays combined, excluding
elephantfish. This includes mako and
Measuring Shark blue sharks, which also have their
own combined boat limit of 2 (which is
You can measure shark species either counted in the overall shark boat limit of
from the tip of the nose to the tip of 5). For example, a boat with two fishers
the tail, or for headed and tailed shark, can have two makos and three gummy
School shark
Mako and Blue Shark (combined)
No minimum size.
122
Elephantfish
No minimum size.
24
26 Recreational Sea Fishing Guide
Page 27
GUIDE TO SYMBOLS
20cm Minimum size Bag limit Possession limit Boat limit
Other Sharks, Skates and Rays
No minimum size.
24
Draughtboard shark
Page 28
Squid, Calamari and Octopus
Size limit North Coast
There is no minimum size for squid or Tasmania’s north coast closed from 1
calamari. September to 31 October inclusive in
2024, 2025 and 2026 - all waters north

Bag and possession limits
of Cape Grim and Cape Naturaliste.
Goulds squid
10 20
OCTOPUS
Closed Seasons
- There is no minimum size for octopus.
No taking or possessing calamari, squid
or squid jigs attached to a fishing line in - Octopus are usually taken by hand,
closed areas during the dates listed to gaff, line, net, bait trap or in rock
protect spawning calamari. Only squid lobster pots and rings, but cannot
that has been commercially purchased be taken by a specialised octopus
can be used as bait in the closed areas. pot or trap.
Octopus
South east
Page 29
Bait and Berley
What can I use as Bait? Baitfish Species
It is an offence to use any part of the No minimum size.
following species for bait or berley,
50 100
- yellowtail kingfish.
Bait Invertebrates
It is illegal to use undersized No minimum size.
fish for bait.
50 100
Page 31
Scalefish Fishing Gear
Unless gear is specified in this Guide, Deploying lines with kites and drones
it cannot be used. The licence holder Auxiliary fishing gear:
must personally set and retrieve any
- Can be used to deploy or retrieve
- On land you must remain within 20
metres of the gear and not use it
No licence is needed to fish with a hook
more than 20 metres from the highand line in marine waters, including rod
Page 32
hooks. buoy attached to
the other. When
A licence is required to use this gear
droplines are joined
Set line buoys
Set line marker buoys must be marked
with your licence number and either

the letters “LL” for longline or “DL” for
dropline. See page 6 for marker buoy
Page 34
Nets Cast net: A cast net must:
- be a circular or oval net with a
No licence is required to use landing
leaded footline around the outside;
nets, dip nets, bait nets and cast nets.
You can only use one of each of these
- not exceed 6 metres in diameter
net types. A licence is required to use a
graball net, mullet net or beach seine
net.

Page 35
Beach Seine Net Graball net: One graball net (includes
flounder nets) may be used and a
A beach seine net licence allows you to licence is required. A graball net is a
possess and use one beach seine net in single mesh net:
state waters. A beach seine net must:
exceed 50 metres in length;
- must not be deeper than 33 meshes
- have a bag or bunt, or a panel that or longer than 50 metres.
forms a bunt, and a mesh size of at
least 30 mm;
- not be pursed or drawn through
rings into the shape of a bag; and
- be emptied while in the water.
Mullet net: One mullet net may be used,
Gillnets and a licence is required. A mullet net is
a single mesh net:
- Graball nets and mullet nets are
two white buoys, one at each end of the
net, both that are marked with only the
licence number and ‘G’ for graball or ‘M’
for mullet net. See page 6 for marker
buoy specifications.
Page 36
of 2 hours.
By the end of 2025:
- Licence holders must be within 50m
of their net at all times when setting - The use of gillnets in Shark Refuge
in Shark Refuge Areas. Areas will be prohibited; and
- Gillnets cannot be used in waters - Set nets will need to be attended by
deeper than 20m, or further than the licence holder at all times.
250m from shore.
In 2027, recreational netting will
Page 42
Abalone
Licence: A licence is required to take Blacklip Size Limits
abalone.
You must be 10 years or older to hold
an abalone licence.
You cannot take abalone on behalf of
another licence holder.
Size limits: Blacklip abalone
Please note recreational and commercial
Montagu east to Bridport: 132mm
Other waters: 145mm
Daily bag limit: 10 abalone
Possession limit: 20 abalone

Boat limit: No boat limit
Non-licensed possession limit:
On land - 5 abalone
On state waters - 0 abalone
Child under 10 - 0 abalone
Season: open all year
Eating abalone safely: see page 63
You cannot possess abalone below the
Page 44
Shucking and eating abalone
You can shuck (remove from shell) and
eat one abalone per licence holder
at sea. The shell must be retained
and brought ashore. This abalone is
included in your daily bag limit.
All other abalone must be brought Research areas
ashore above the high-water mark
Page 46
Scallops
Licence: Scallop licence required. Measuring Scallops
Scallops can only be taken by hand
and only the licence holder can dive for Scallops are measured
scallops. You must be 10 years or older across the widest part
to hold a scallop licence. of the shell (usually
parallel to the hinge).
Size limit: commercial and queen
scallops 100mm, doughboy scallops
Scallop gauges are
80mm available at Service Widest point
Daily bag limit: 50 scallops Tasmania shops.
Possession limit: 100 scallops (on land),
Bag and Possession Limits
50 scallops (on water)
Non-licensed possession limit: 50 50 on water
On state waters - 0 scallops
100 on land (or 3kgs
Child under 10 - 0 scallops
Season: Open from 12 April to 31 July
2025. The D’Entrecasteaux Channel - On-land possession limit also
unless they have receipts for
Eating scallops safely: see page 63
and brought ashore. Any scallops
consumed count towards the daily
bag limit.
Queen scallop - 100mm
- Landing of shucked meats is

Area Restrictions
The D’Entrecasteaux Channel (see map
on page 86) is closed to recreational
Please dispose of scallop shells in the scallop fishing, including possession of
rubbish, don’t dump them. scallops while swimming.
See page 67 for a full list of area

Page 47
Other shellfish, shell collection and urchins
Shellfish and Shell Collection Species Daily bag
limit
Licence: no licence required
Clams, cockles and pipis 100
Size limit: no minimum size (species combined)
Daily bag limit: see table
Eating shellfish safely: see page 63 Wedge shells 200
Stick to your limits
Page 48
Rock Lobster
Quick Guide to Rock Lobster Regional Rules
- Any rock lobster in your possession must comply with the rules of the region/zone
you are entering and be tail-marked according to where they were caught.
- If you are crossing the Henty River or Cape Pillar lines with rock lobster onboard,
Flinders, Cape Barren and Bruny Islands.
- If you possess more than your daily bag limit while on water, you must abide by
on-water possession limits and demonstrate you have fished for more than one
day.
48 Recreational Sea Fishing Guide
Page 49
Rock Lobster
Licence: Boat gear limit:
A rock lobster licence is required. A rock 5 pots and 20 rings
lobster dive licence allows you to take Seasons:
rock lobster by hand, a rock lobster pot
licence allows you to use one pot, and
Biotoxin and Public Health info:
a rock lobster ring licence allows you
to use up to four rings. You must be See page 64.
10 years or older to hold a rock lobster
licence.
Northern zone
All recreational rock lobster licence
Males 110mm
Males 110mm
Females 105mm
Daily bag limit:
Eastern Region - 2 rock lobster
Western Region - 5 rock lobster
Northern Bass Strait - 2 rock lobster
Possession limit:
Eastern region - 4 rock lobster Southern rock lobster
Western region and mainland Tasmania
Bruny Islands) - 10 rock lobster
Northern Bass Strait - 4 rock lobster

Non-licenced possession limit:
On land - 2 rock lobster
On state waters - 0 rock lobster
Eastern rock lobster
Child under 10 - 0 rock lobster
Eastern Region - 10 rock lobster eastern rock lobster.
Western Region - 25 rock lobster
Page 50
Seasons the same day. Pots can then be pulled
after midnight.
Season Open:
Transiting at season opening
Waters outside the East Coast Stock
Rebuilding Zone (ECSRZ) You cannot possess pots, rings or
Open from 2 November 2024. lobster in any part of the ECSRZ
until that area opens, except in the
East Coast Stock Rebuilding Zone
D’Entrecasteaux Channel - see below.
Open from 7 December 2024 (see map
below). Transiting the D’Entrecasteaux Channel
Season Closed:
When waters outside the ECSRZ are
Eastern Region (including ECSRZ) open but the ECSRZ is closed, you
Closes 1 May 2025. can transit the River Derwent and
D’Entrecasteaux Channel waters with
D’Entrecasteaux Channel or River
Derwent.
- You directly transit between closed
and open waters (no swimming,
diving or stopping).
- You only leave from and return to a
one hour before re-entering the
closed area with pots, rings and/or
lobster onboard.
Once the ECSRZ opens, you do not have
See D’Entrecasteaux Channel boundary
Gear at Season Opening
map on page 59.
You can only possess a rock lobster
pot on state waters from 6am the day
Region and Eastern Region with pots,
before the season opens for that region
rings or rock lobster on board when the
or zone and only set a pot after 1pm on
Eastern Region is closed.
50 Recreational Sea Fishing Guide

Page 51
Regional size limits and tail-marking are fishing.
Transiting between size limit zones
You can transit into another size limit
zone with lobsters on board provided
that:
Service at least one hour before
crossing any size limit boundary.
- Lobsters are tail-marked in
accordance with the zone in which
Page 52
lobster in berry, 2 10
you must return
it to the water as On-water possession limits
soon as possible.
When on State Waters, if you can
Eastern Region other than Flinders,
Cape Barren and Bruny Islands.
You must abide by the boat limit for each
region.
State Waters and land within 100m of
the high-water mark, except where
Page 53
Rock Lobster
On-land possession limits Moving between catch limit regions
Mainland Tasmania, islands in the You cannot move from the Western
Western Region and on Flinders, Cape Region to the Eastern Region if you
Page 54
All recreational rock lobster licence
after fishing for rock lobster, even if you
- when you fished for lobster (the date);
- Lost or irretrievable gear
- the fishing method/s you used;
Please provide your licence or UIC
- the general location where you
number, boat registration and fishing
Page 55
- After lobster are marked, each fisher
must not possess more than the bag
but there is no reception, you can enter - The boat operator ensures the total
when you return to reception. Holding Lobster on an
- The lobsters are in a separate
compartment or container (such
Visit fishing.tas.gov.au for more as a bag) which is marked with a
- The fisher is not using a cauf at the
Eating Rock Lobster at Sea

You can cut up and eat one lobster per
licence holder. This lobster is included in
your daily bag limit.
1 November 2024 - 31 October 2025 55
Page 56
Date Fishing General No . No . Submitted?
method location where lobsters lobsters
you fished kept released
Page 57
Rock Lobster Fishing Gear A rock lobster pot must:
- be no larger than 1250mm x
The licence holder must personally set
1250mm at base and 750mm high;
and retrieve any rock lobster fishing
Pot: You can only possess and use and
one rock lobster pot on State waters. - be marked with a buoy with the
A person in charge of a boat must not licence number and the letter ‘P’ for
allow more than 5 rock lobster pots to pot.
be on or used from their boat, and all
weather, illness, loss or theft, ring
1250mm max.
1300 720 647 and provide your licence
*Minimum 400mm if one escape gap. number.
Minimum 200mm if two escape gaps.
Page 58
Rock lobster cauf:
- If you are more than 100m from a
ring, a marker buoy with the licence
- A rock lobster cauf is a device for
number and the letter ‘R’ for ring
marker buoy specifications.
a time. It must have a yellow buoy
Rock lobster buoys: Rock lobster pots, marked with the licence number
caufs and unattended rings must be attached.
marked with a buoy that has only your - A cauf can be used by more than
licence number and ‘P’ if it is a pot or one fisher, but lobsters in a shared
‘R’ if it is a ring. A yellow buoy must be cauf must be separated from other
used for caufs. fishers’ lobster into their own
have their own yellow buoy marked
Aboriginal fishers should use a unique
with their licence number attached
identifying code to mark their gear as
to their compartment of the cauf.
- All rock lobster in the cauf must be
tail-marked and count toward your

possession limits.
58 Recreational Sea Fishing Guide

Page 60
Giant Crabs - Female crabs in berry (with eggs)
cannot be kept;
Licence: recreational rock lobster pot
- Crabs can be taken by hand, bait
licence required to fish for giant crabs.
net, dip net, bait trap, rock lobster
Size limit: Females 150mm, Males ring or pot (licence required), but
140mm (measure from front to back of not specialised crab traps. If using
carapace) soldier crabs as bait, see page 29.
Bag limit: 1 giant crab
Prawns
Possession limit: 1 giant crab
Seasons: as for rock lobster, see page 7 Prawns are mainly caught using a
Rules: Female giant crabs in berry (with dip net or landing net. Gear and area
- Inshore crabs include all crabs other
than giant crabs and soldier crabs. Seaweed collection
No minimum size.
- No licence is required when
15 30 seaweed is collected for private use.
- There is a daily limit of 100kg
Page 64
consumer/chemicals/mercury. Public Health alerts may advise against
taking and eating fish or the affected
zones may be closed to fishing.
Do not eat bream
from the Derwent Stay informed
Page 66
species, size and sex (for lobsters), and
utas.edu.au/study/sustainable-living
date and location of catch.
Page 89
Where a seaward limit is set, an inland kilometres from the river mouth.
fisheries licence is required to fish on
the upstream side. Buxton River: bream fishing area from
the mouth upstream to the posts
Bream Fishing Area: In a bream fishing marking the tidal limit.
area, an inland fisheries licence is
required for trout and seasons may Carlton River: seaward limit at the
taken without an inland fisheries licence
Coal River: bream fishing area from
with up to two rods, all year round.
Page 93
and image/description of debris to enable further investigation.

Page 94
Recreational Sea Fishing Licences Available from: fishing.tas.gov.au/licence or Service
Tasmania
Tasmania Police marine@police.tas.gov.au

2) Fish Information (extracted)
Page 37
Beach on the northwest coast.
FADs work by attracting pelagic fish
species like tuna, yellowtail kingfish and Artificial reefs provide habitat for
Australian salmon, making them a great fish, improving recreational fishing
spot to fish, especially in summer and opportunities in areas where little
Page 74
Shark Refuge Areas
These areas are important habitat for - Using mullet nets is prohibited
the breeding of school and gummy in Shark Refuge Areas and other
- Where permitted, gillnets may only
(except elephantfish) can be taken in
be set for up to 2 hours and licence
Shark Refuge Areas.
holders must be within 50m of their
Page 76
The map below shows where net More detailed maps and a description
vulnerable species or sensitive habitat. pages.
MAPS: No nets No mullet nets No gill nets (mullet & graball)
Set lines prohibited G Graball nets prohibited Bait traps prohibited

